Improve documentation for adding taint in HA installation (#1765)
rancher/rke2: docs/install/ha.md

  - "CriticalAddonsOnly=true:NoExecute"
```

> Note: The Nginx Ingress and Metrics-Server addons will **not** be deployed on nodes that has the previous taint, only CNI, and CoreDNS addons has toleration for this taint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The NGINX Ingress and Metrics Server addons will **not** be deployed when all nodes are tainted `CriticalAddonsOnly`. If your server nodes are so tainted, these addons will remain pending until untainted agent nodes are added to the cluster.
```

> Note: The NGINX Ingress and Metrics Server addons will **not** be deployed when all nodes are tainted `CriticalAddonsOnly`. If your server nodes are so tainted, these addons will remain pending until untainted agent nodes are added to the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The NGINX Ingress and Metrics Server addons will **not** be deployed when all nodes are tainted with`CriticalAddonsOnly`. If your server nodes are so tainted, these addons will remain pending until untainted agent nodes are added to the cluster.
```
